Overcrowed and no structure.	"We took our two grandchildren aged 9 and 5 and to be honest was a very disappointed, it was very crowed with children running amuk and parents spending more time on their phones then watching their children. I think my main gripe was that there..."
Kids only	"Fun place to take your kids but should include advice on visitor info that it is not really an adult attraction, too simplistic for adult enjoyment."
"I hate these sort of ""educational"" places"	I really dislike these sort of pseudo educational demo dumb places where your kids get to turn loads of knobs on broken machines. That said this was a particularly impressive one. Not sure how much they actually learn flitting from installation to installation. What is...
Big let down	Really disappointing visit today. Came here about 5 years ago and all ages really enjoyed it from 11-16 year olds and adults so paid a total of almost $120 for 4 young adults and 2 seniors and felt like walking out after 10 minutes. There...
Ok for kids	"Came here thinking it might be like the Science Museum in London. How wrong was I.
Was full of school children running amok. Spent 20 minutes in here and made a quick exit."
Dont go with high expectations!	"As the title suggests, don't go with high expectations, and you will be fine. i have visited several science musuems, but this by far, for a major city, has to be one of the most dissapointing.Its all one ONE floor, and can be all accomplished..."
Baz	Very dated looking. This place looks very tired. Needs an update especially as they charge so much for entry.
Needs a major update.	"Most of the hands on things there were so over used and/or broken it wasn't funny. The astronomy dome was enjoyable and informative.
Just needs a bit of TLC!"
small venue not as exiting as they make it seems	Scitech has been around for years even when I was younge but the venue is small and as a adult who is not taking a class to a school excusion you might feel abit ripped of offf they change there theres and try to make...
Big let down	Really disappointing visit today. Came here about 5 years ago and all ages really enjoyed it from 11-16 year olds and adults so paid a total of almost $120 for 4 young adults and 2 seniors and felt like walking out after 10 minutes. There...
